Add execution modes decision docs (#2444)
astronomer/astronomer-cosmos: docs/guides/run_dbt/airflow-worker/local-execution-mode.rst

.. _local-execution:

Local execution mode
====================

By default, Cosmos uses the ``local`` execution mode.

The ``local`` execution mode is the fastest way to run Cosmos operators since they don't neither install ``dbt`` nor build docker containers. If you use managed Airflow services such as
Google Cloud Composer, you might want to use a different execution mode, since Airflow and ``dbt`` dependencies can conflict (:ref:`execution-modes-local-conflicts`). On an managed Airflow service, you you might not be able to install ``dbt`` in a custom path.

The ``local`` execution mode assumes that the Airflow worker node can access a ``dbt`` binary.

> If ``dbt`` was not installed as part of the Cosmos packages, you can define a custom path to ``dbt`` by declaring the argument ``dbt_executable_path``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ``dbt`` was not installed alongside Cosmos, users can create a dedicated virtual environment and can define a custom path to ``dbt`` by declaring the argument ``ExecutionConfig.dbt_executable_path``.
```
